File Manipulation Guide and other Forg3t feedback (#53)
datahaven-xyz/datahaven-docs: store-and-retrieve-data/use-storagehub-sdk/file-manipulation.md

---
title: File Manipulation
description: Guide on file manipulation in DataHaven through the relationship between FileManager, fingerprint, fileKey and issuing a storage request.
---

# File Manipulation

> The purpose of this guide is to help you create a mental model of what pieces of data you'll need to extract from the file you intend to upload to DataHaven and how to retrieve it from the network. In this guide, you'll learn how to initialize the FileManager from your file, create the fingerprint and fileKey, issue a storage request, and retrieve the data for that request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this guide is to help you create a mental model of what pieces of data you'll need to extract from the file you intend to upload to DataHaven and how to retrieve it from the network. In this guide, you'll learn how to initialize the File Manager from your file, create the fingerprint and file key, issue a storage request, and retrieve the data for that request.
```

Since this is the introduction, let's just casually refer to these terms instead of dropping the exact code syntax

## Prerequisites

--8<-- 'text/store-and-retrieve-data/use-storagehub-sdk/prerequisites.md'

- [A bucket created](/store-and-retrieve-data/use-storagehub-sdk/create-a-bucket/){target=\_blank} with the ID handy

> - A file to upload to DataHaven (any file type is accepted; the current testnet file size limit is {{ networks.testnet.file_size_limit }}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A file to upload to DataHaven (any file type is accepted; the current testnet file size limit is {{ networks.testnet.file_size_limit }})
```
